buddy Brian Carruthers and I want to
give you a very important tip and that
is when you're prospecting to find
recruits for your business and you're
out there doing what I like to do which
is to use tools giving out a book giving
out at CV giving out a DVD to a prospect
the name of the game is to be able to
follow up if you put your phone number
in their hands or on the tool the
challenge is if they don't call you that
prospects lost forever so what do you do
how do you get that person's phone
number without it seem like you're
begging them for the number for example
if I give somebody a book or a DVD and I
just met at the gas station I'll say hey
look now I really would love to have you
to have you check out this information
and by the way when you're done reading
this book is it okay if I give you a
call can I get your phone number you
know now you're first of all them taking
a toll from you is already one thing
especially if they're a stranger but
then you're gonna ask them for their
phone number they're probably not going
to want to be bothered or hounded by
somebody's trying to sell them or
recruit them into something so what I've
found is there's a very simple way to
get that prospects phone number just
about every time and more importantly
the posture that you're now going to
have doing it in a different way like
this it's gonna completely change the
dynamic so let's say Paul is my prospect
and I just gave him a booklet to read
and I say hey look once you're done
reading that booklet Paul what I'd like
to do is chat with you after we're to
see what you do what your takeaway is
what you'd like the best about what you
read the book now look what I'll do is
what number you gonna call me from Paul
because I don't take calls from people I
don't know and I'm gonna I'm gonna wait
to get Paul's phone number so instead of
me saying hey Paul is it okay if I have
your phone number so I can hound you
know people don't like to give out their
phone numbers but I'm saying hey look I
like to chat with you when you're done
reading that or when you're done
watching the DVD or whatever the tool is
say when you're done I like to chat with
you what number are you gonna call me
from because I don't take calls from
people I don't know plot my phone and I
go out I go ahead and get his number
down and here's what I want everybody to
understand is that it's not just the
fact that you got the phone number but
you completely changed the dynamic
because now you're saying to them hey
I'm not begging you for your phone
number so I can actually call you I'm
saying hey look what's your number
because when you call me I'm so
important that I don't take calls
people I don't know so you probably are
going to feel a little bit privileged
that I want to take your call
now that's unsaid but that's the dynamic
that's a posture you now have which is
going to give you that that positioning
when you call them back to do that
follow-up they actually treats you a lot
more seriously I hope you take this with
one tip and create a massive massive
prospecting extravaganza in your
organization teach this to your team
have them watch this video and I promise
you the more flume numbers yet the more
follow-ups you can do and the more
follow up some more recruits are going
to join your team on behalf of thoughts
or mentor as Brian for others look
forward to see you the next time